Add cloud helpers (#402)
balena-os/leviathan: documentation/Getting-started.md

); 
```

### Cloud helpers

> The `BalenaSDK` class, defined in `core/components/balena/sdk`, contains an instance of the balena sdk, as well as some helper methods that you can examine in the file. The `balena` attribute of the class contains the sdk, which can then be used as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BalenaSDK` class, defined in [`core/components/balena/sdk`](https://github.com/balena-os/leviathan/blob/master/core/lib/components/balena/sdk.js), contains an instance of the balena sdk, as well as some helper methods. The `balena` attribute of the class contains the sdk, which can then be used as follows:
```
